>> Bianca Gandolfo: So remove is
gonna be really similar to retrieve,
except that you need to delete it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So again, even
though these looks like they are linear,
if you have a hashing function
that is not my hashing function,
you shouldn't run into
these kind of collisions.
Another thing to think about is
if you're implementing your hash
table is that once you get 50% full,
you wanna double the size.
And so this will stop collisions
from being really dense.
So once you resize it, you need to,
so that would happen in the insert.
So when you insert,
if the size is greater than 50%
of the length of your hash table storage.
So if your table size is 25 and
you can have your input size starts at 0,
but you increment it every time.
If this is 50% or more of your
table size which in this case,
it's 13,
then you want to double the table size and
then you need to run your hash function
with the new table size on every input.
And this is called resizing, it's another
thing that you can do with a hash table
and it's part of the implementation.
And so this is another thing that
sounds like it's crazy expensive.
But in the big scheme of things,
it averages out and
we don't really worry about it.
Cuz it happens just once every once
in a while, especially if you're
initializing your hash table at a size
that's appropriate for your data set.
It doesn't really make
a difference in the big picture.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So that's hash table.
Any questions about hash table?
>> Speaker 2: Is there a situation
that's pretty easy that's
real world that you would
use a hash table in?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like
make my own harsh table?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Not really.
Yeah, good question.
Yeah, you could just use an object or
a map or set, depending on your used case.